Not long after we freed New Vestroia, King
Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought with
him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and transferred
their powers to six Bakugan.
Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands and the
stakes are high.
But we're ready to fight!
[\u266a]
Brontes!
Where did you find him?
Why do you have Brontes?
Answer me!
Gus!
What did you do to my Brontes?
Your Brontes?
That's very funny Volt...Why do you care so
much about something that you so easily tossed away?
I've modified him to better suit my purposes.
Well...I don't want to sound dramatic, but I
guess in a way you could say...I took away his soul.
Brontes.
Why did I let Mylene do that to Brontes?
I should have protected him.
[grunt]
Why so grumpy, Volt?
Still mad that Spectra cut in front of you to fight
the Brawlers?
I dunno.
I think it's something more.
It looks like he's gonna cry.
I'd watch your mouth Lync.
Volt's as tough as they get.
Keep yapping and you'll be in tears.
All of you be quiet!
Hey, I was sticking up for you...I knew you weren't a
cry baby! [laughs]
What's his problem?
I don't care what it takes.
I have to get Brontes back from Gus!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Brontes' Betrayal.
[\u266a]
[grunt]
Brawlers!
I need you in the transmission room!
[panting]
Someone's sending a message from Marucho's house.
But there isn't anyone at my house right now.
Maybe it's an intruder!
[gasp]
Marucho...I'm so sorry to barge in like this, but I
had no choice...Something horrible has happened and
I needed to warn you.
Calm down Alice, tell us what happened.
Just now...the Vexos attacked Hydranoid and I.
What?
Why would the Vexos attack Earth?
This is bad.
It makes no sense...why would Zenoheld send
someone to there to Brawl when we're all here on
Vestal with the Attribute Energies they want?
[gasp]
Has anyone heard from Shun on New Vestroia, yet?
Maybe this is another trap.
Another ?
First New Vestroia then Earth.
Zenoheld is trying to lure us.
I think you're probably right.
The Vexos will be back, I just know it...Runo and
Julie could be in danger.
Stinkin' Vexos!
They've got us running around like a bunch of
headless chickens.
They're always one step ahead.
That was so wrong to attack Alice when they
know she doesn't Brawl anymore.
Those creeps need to be taught some manners.
I agree with you Marucho...They are nothing
more than swine who need to be corralled back into
their pen.
[sigh] We've gotta go back to Earth.
Trap or no trap, we can't leave Runo and Julie
hanging like that.
Yeah!
We're right behind you.
Here we come, Vexos.
I've just completed another series of tests
and it seems the reprogramming of Brontes'
is a total success.
He is now another loyal soldier in your army.
Fantastic.
My plans to harness the Perfect Core Energy are
proceeding perfectly.
Yes...but I should advise you...
our scanners picked up a Dimension Transporter
pathway between the Royal Palace and Earth.
Zenoheld must have figured out that we blocked his
transport abilities to Vestal and now has chosen
Earth as his battlefield.
If he can't travel to the Brawlers then my bet is
he'll lure them home and into his trap.
What do we do now?
I'll have to pay a surprise visit to the
Brawlers and take Drago's Perfect Core Energy,
before they make the jump back to Earth.
You'll have to move fast.
I learned a lot about the evolved Drago's new powers
in our last encounter.
This next Battle will have a very different outcome
for Dan Kuso.
You're kidding me!
You mean there's no way we can transport ourselves
back to Earth?
Alice said Dr. Michael's laboratory was mostly
destroyed in her Battle with Shadow Prove.
Oh man!
I can't believe it.
What are we gonna do now?
Calm down, Dan.
For every problem there is a solution.
Drago's right.
There has to be a way we can figure this out.
What's this?
Why is no one eating their afternoon snack?
You're going to need it for strength for all of
the Brawling ahead.
Sorry Klaus, but none of us really has much of an
appetite right now.
How can you expect us to even think about food
after what Alice just told us?
You worry too much, Dan.
Master Klaus was concerned but he didn't want you,
his guests to be concerned.
He prepared this meal for you so you could relax
while he made arrangements for your journey home.
Dr. Michael isn't the only one with a Dimension
Transporter System...I've got one of my own here in
the castle.
Well, why didn't you say so?
We've been sitting here freaking out this whole time!
Sorry.
I'm impressed.
Even I don't' have one of those.
What are you doing, Gus?
I'm sorry Spectra.
When I last saw Volt, he swore he'd get Brontes
back at any cost.
Hmmph.
Sounds like he was challenging you to a brawl.
Perhaps he was, but my focus is required here,
helping you with -
Nonsense.
I insist that you go and fight.
What kind of man would you be if you didn't accept
Volt's brazen challenge?
Besides, perhaps Volt will want Brontes badly enough
that he'll be willing to betray the Vexos...
Yes, of course Master Spectra.
Well, it's been lovely having you in my home, but
I suppose it's time for you to be on your way back now.
Yup.
Uh-huh.
How 'bout you, Mira? Are you coming with us?
Did you think I'd sit this one out?
Ace, my man?
You bet, Dan...I've got a score to settle with that
Vexos witch who jumped me outside.
Thanks again Klaus.
My pleasure, Ace.
What about you, Baron?
You in?
Sorry, Master Dan...I can't come with you.
I've got some things at home that I have to take care of.
Catch you later.
Really? You're not coming with us?
It's not that I don't want too, but I really can't
leave without at least saying goodbye to my
brothers and sisters first.
You're right Baron, you can't break their hearts like that...
Do what you need to do and we'll make sure to save a
couple Vexos creeps for you.
Thanks, Ace.
I'm glad you understand.
Baron...Don't worry, man.
We won't leave until you're ready.
Huh?
We're a team.
That means we stick together.
Mmm-hmm.
Cool!
Huh? Whoa, the alarm!
[\u266a]
I don't know what the etiquette is here on
Vestal, but where I come from, it's rude to show up
unannounced.
Don't waste my time. Where are the Brawlers?
I'm not sure who you're speaking of, but if it's
Battle you want, I'd be happy to accommodate you.
[chuckle] Are all of you Earthlings so arrogant?
[chuckle]
I think it's you who's the arrogant one.
Coming into my house uninvited and looking to
pick a fight.
I'm losing my patience.
Patience is a virtue...As is loyalty.
But that's something you know nothing about.
Perhaps that is why you will always be at a
disadvantage.
The bond the Brawlers share as group is more
powerful than anything.
There is much you could learn from them.
I doubt it.
When you see them, tell them they can't run forever.
Oh my goodness, that was a close one, Master Klaus.
Yes it was.
Baron, you're back!
Of course I am!
I told you I would be.
I missed you so much, big brother.
I've been waiting all day to talk to you.
[baby gurgles]
Sorry guys...Bad news.
I have to head out with Master Dan and the others
for a while.
Awwwww...
You just got back from your last trip.
Bah-bah...stay!
Sorry guys, but a good friend is in trouble on Earth.
I have to go and help her...You understand, right?
It's important.
Sorry little dudes I promise we'll have your
Big Bro back soon.
He's a very important part of our team.
Don't worry, we understand.
You're a hero, Baron.
And that means sometimes you have to be away from
your family...Right?
Right!
You guys are the greatest brothers and sisters a guy
could ever ask for...Be good for Mom while I'm gone.
Bye-bye!
Byyyyye Baron!
[\u266a]
Gus?
He's gone.
[\u266a]
I don't understand why you want to fight so badly for
Brontes...especially after you threw him away.
I don't expect you to understand,
traitor...Let's just say, Brontes and I have a
special bond, okay?
And nothing will stand in my way of getting him back!
[\u266a]
Forgive me, Brontes!
I'm coming to get you back!
[\u266a]
Don't be fooled, Brontes. You belong with me!
Thanks for letting us use your secret tunnel exit
earlier, Klaus.
But of course. That's the reason I built it.
If we'd run into Spectra, I might not have been able
to say bye to my family.
I sense you have many battles ahead of you
Brawlers...Sirenoid and I will keep our fingers
crossed that you will be victorious against the Vexos.
Please be careful and take care of one another.
Don't worry, Sirenoid. We will.
Come on, guys. Let's hit it!
Yeah!
Tell me what you did to Brontes, Gus!
Sorry, Volt, but your puny little brain couldn't
possibly comprehend it...Let's just say I
helped your precious Brontes, evolve into
something better.
You animal!
You're gonna pay for what you did!
You know he screamed for you, Volt.
How do you think he felt when you didn't come save him?
You're gonna regret what you did to him, Gus.
Hmmmph.
Does he remembers your name.
Let's go!
Gauntlet, Power Strike!
Gate Card, set!
Bakugan, Brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
Haos Boriates!
You're about to understand, Volt...
what it means to be betrayed!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
Haos Brontes!
[\u266a]
[evil laugh]
Whah? Haos Brontes?
I hardly recognize him!
[chuckle]
Pay close attention, Volt!
This is what perfection looks like!
You turned him into a monster!
Brontes was a Bakugan who had magical abilities.
If he's evolved then that must mean that his magic
has grown in strength too.
I don't think I've ever seen you so scared.
What would King Zenoheld say if he could see you now.
This isn't fear...It's anger and you're about to
learn the difference.
It's possible that I might be able to predict how
Brontes will behave in battle, but then again...
...who knows what Gus has re-wired in his brain.
I hope I can beat them without hurting Brontes
too badly.
Ability Card, set.
Ability, activate!
Odin Shield!
[\u266a]
Good luck trying to activate abilities
now...What now, Gus?
Hmmph.
If I didn't know any better, I'd think you were
afraid to fight.
Come Bakugan Trap, Subterra Hexados!
[\u266a]
Ability, activate!
Eraser!
[\u266a]
So much for your big, strong Odin Shield,
Volt...If you really want Brontes back, you're going
to have to fight him.
You won't be satisfied until you see me hurt him, will you?
If I were you, I wouldn't worry too much about
hurting Brontes...It's time to show you the full
power of the evolved Haos Brontes.
Ability Card, set!
Ability, activate!
Wizard Proxy!
[wicked laugh]
[grunt]
[evil laughter]
What's happening?
Ability Card, set!
Ability activate!
Prometheus Cannon!
Hmmmph.
I don't think you've got the guts to blast your
dear old best friend.
[evil laughter]
[grunt]
Fire!
[explosion]
[gasp]
[\u266a]
Later, Hexados!
Gus Life Force, 30%.
[gasp]
Why did you go and attack Hexados if Brontes was the
one who activated the ability?
I figured that Brontes was hiding behind Hexados
while making it look like he the one who was
activating the ability.
Of course.
You used to battle together.
I should have known you would remember that trick.
Well, out with the old and in with the new!
Ability, activate!
Atmosphere!
Go Brontes!
[evil laughter]
[\u266a]
How's that for a counter attack?
Think you can keep up?
Huh, Volt?
[grunt]
[\u266a]
I think I've figured out his strategy, Brontes, but
we need to be patient.
I'll take down Gus in the next round and then you'll
be mine again.
Attack, Boriates!
[\u266a]
Where'd he go?
[chuckle]
That's a little something I like to call, Stealth
Mode...Too bad Boriates can't keep up.
The problem with you Vexos is that you've become
lazy...It's not enough to be the best, you must
always be trying to better yourself...You must learn
to evolve...That's what I did to Brontes.
I forced him to grow and evolve and now look at him!
You're a liar Gus!
You tortured him and made him suffer only to serve
the selfish needs of Spectra!
Ability activate!
Tempest Arrow!
[gasp] No!
You're right.
It's not about being the best...
it's about knowing you're the best.
Do you need a little break, pal?
....Maybe go and curl your hair?
Gate Card, open!
Battle Release!
The Command Card Battle Release halts all battles and
forces each of the Bakugan to return to their sides.
Ability, activate!
Black Gates!
[evil laughter]
What?
How dare you pretend to be fighting for the life of
your former Bakugan...when you and the one you serve
have guaranteed their extinction with the
creation of the BT System?
[gasp]
Perhaps it's time to reconsider loyalties,
Volt.
If you care so deeply about Brontes, you must
have doubts about Zenoheld's plans for the Bakugan.
[gasp]
Join us.
We could use someone with your abilities...Master
Spectra would be pleased to welcome you.
I am a Vexos!
Not a filthy traitor like you and that coward Spectra!
Hmmmph.
Very well, then...I will show no mercy!
Let's go, Brontes!
[evil laughter]
[\u266a]
This is the end!
Double Ability, activate!
Shining Nightmare plus Sprite Glow!
[\u266a]
[evil laughter]
[grunt]
Ability, activate!
Firebolt Axe!
[evil laughter]
[\u266a]
You think you have a chance of defeating us
with a pathetic weapon like that?
No mercy, Brontes!
[evil laughter]
[\u266a]
[grunt]
Face it, Volt. It's over.
There is nothing left here for you to win.
You may as well give up.
The Brontes you once knew is long gone.
Gate Card, set!
Here we go, Haos Brontes!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
[evil laughter]
You may have changed his outer appearance...inside
he's Brontes!
Come on Boriates...
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
[\u266a]
He threw you away like garbage Brontes.
Let's make him pay.
Ability activate!
Magic Dice!
[\u266a]
Boriates' your power level!
Ability activate!
Element Glow!
[explosion]
What happened?
Consecutive ability activation?
That's right.
Poor you.
A consecutive death attack.
[\u266a]
Boriates, no!
[evil laughter]
A consecutive mortal attack...
It's fatal for the Bakugan releasing it.
No worries...
If Brontes gets weak from it, I'll just make him
evolve again.
Ability, activate!
Prometheus Cannon!
[\u266a]
[chuckle]
Gate Card, open!
Land Pressure!
[\u266a]
Say goodbye to your Brontes.
Ability activate!
Trance Rapture Illusion!
[scary clown laughing]
Brontes, no!
[scary clown laughter]
Brontes! Stop it! Your heart can't take it!
I'm sorry.
I should have protected you....Please stop, I'm sorry!
Hmm...
Don't' worry about his heart.
It's long gone.
I've failed him...again....I'd give
anything to go back and save him that day.
[evil clown laughter]
Brontes!
[anguished scream] Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!
[\u266a]
Volt Life Force...zero.
[exertion]
Brontes....
Forgive me.
Why would you risk your life to save a lowly Bakugan?
I don't understand you, Volt.
Gus, you've returned.
Yes, Master Spectra.
What happened with Volt?
Sorry sir...He said that he had no desire to leave
the Vexos and join us, Master Spectra.
Oh well.
At least you tried.
You served your purpose but now I'm done with you.
[\u266a]
Volt...save me.
When Dan and the others heard about the Vexos
attacking Alice, they rushed back to Earth and
we began to plan our next strategy.
But just when it got to Julie's and my turn to
speak we were very rudely interrupted...
Mylene and Lync showed up with their mechanical
Bakugan and things got crazy insane.
We were so mad!
We had to show them we weren't gonna sit back and take it.
Just because we're cute doesn't mean we're not tough.
Just thinking about it gets me wound up.
Tune in and check it out.
Bakugan Brawl!
Come and get it!
[\u266a]